when I'm out in the woods one of the
things that I kind of enjoy doing is
cooking there's some different
techniques that we can use to cook in
the woods and I'm not talking about like
fire stove stuff like that I will be
demonstrating some of those but
techniques I'm talking about it was like
the first one was frying frying is a
great way to cook and I'll be frying up
some Bannock and all this stuff is in
the Bannock mix and that cast-iron
little skillet right there I'll just
shove some coals in between those two
logs right there frying is the least
nutritious out of all of them but it
tastes the best it's the bomb so we'll
fry up some fry bread real quick little
cinnamon sugar on it
next is planking planking takes no tools
whatsoever except stuff you can find out
in the woods flat piece of wood or bark
put the food on there and set it next to
the fire and you have to get a good and
thin that when it cooks all the way
through but fish works really well like
that and then baking I'm gonna be using
some coals and a couple of Pam's
aluminum pot soot a little bit of baking
baking is pretty easy to do I just
remember you put more coals on top and
you do the bottom you'll be all right
dutch ovens great way to do it too and
then boiling I'm a bit demonstrating
some boiling I think that right there is
no.2 stove great little stove really
kicks out some heat and Zee per pot to
do that so that's what we're gonna be
doing we're be doing frying planking
which is actually roasting baking and
boiling boiling being the healthiest
like I said we used Bannock for all
these and you may be so you're a boil
Bannock yeah you make like dumplings and
they're great and a soup or just if you
put some chicken bullion and then cook
up some dumplings throw a can of chicken
in there it's pretty good it's not too
bad hopefully I'll be able to do some of
that other recipes and stuff late
everybody's want to do the cooking
methods right now I think you can see
what we got going on here there's the
planking or roasting just smear that
bread on there makes a nice little
flatbread pretty easy to do like
said no tools required really there's
something he can get a nice flat surface
with I did have to wet down that piece
of bark a little bit just because it
wouldn't stick otherwise it makes it
just a little bit sticky and that is
really really thin next we have the
frying I got a little bit of oil in that
pan right there eating up you got a once
again gonna make a little bit of fry
bread right there the baking I've got
the calls on the top coals on the bottom
baking a little bit get in there and
then the boiling my waters just starting
to boil I've got little flat dumplings
so go in there now notice most of this
stuff's flat and thin that's because it
cooks a lot quicker that way
all right so we'll cook some of this up
and show it off just show you a little
progress that's the old fry bread
cooking up pretty good and that planks
bread that flat bread right there
starting looking pretty good too
got a good boil going over here those
dumplings should be pretty good just put
a little bit more coals on top of a the
bacon biscuits all right let's check
this out
boiling those our dumplings right maybe
still hot it makes really nice chewy
dumplings drink your soups or stews
frying once again send them in the sugar
on that in the morning great meal great
love dessert too so it's our frying and
then my planking pops right off their
nice little flatbread pretty well so
once again we got baking boiling frying
roasting our planking how's your four
basic outdoor cooking methods